Comment Author Name and Time (#1001)
pycontribs/jira: docs/examples.rst

    comment = jira.comment('JRA-1330', '10234')

> Get commented author name and time if you know its ID::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get comment author name and comment creation timestamp if you know its ID::
```
